Ye Wuji
Junior Brother Ye
You are Brother He
Junior Brother Ye, I just heard a classmate say
There is a genius named Ye Wuji
Six epiphanies.
Straight into the inner door
I still can't believe it
I didn't expect it to be you.
Brother He
I didn't expect to meet you at Canglongmen
Hey, think back to when you first joined Hao Rizong
It's only so big after Uncle Huang Long
I didn't expect it to grow so tall in the blink of an eye
It's going around.
We can meet again
But the emperor and master
No longer there
I also heard about Haorizong
I didn't expect Dan Zhenzi to smile
It's this despicable smile
I'm blind too
I actually worshipped him as my teacher
How can you say that?
A single person is a single person.
You are you
You are also deceived by the disguise of being single
Forget it, it's over
Since you have entered the freesia gate
Then have a good rest.
Junior Brother Ye
If you need anything in the future, just tell your senior brother.
Thank you brother
What's there to be grateful for?
Junior Brother Ye, you just came to this freesia gate
Settle down first
In a few days?
Brother will take you to a good place
Yes, then I'll go and settle down first
Come back to senior brother
Finally, keep an eye on the business device.
His every move
both
Do you understand?
Is another
Send this letter
Bring it to the single child of Haorizong in Jiangcheng City
Just say
You took the bait